Peppa and George are drinking orange juice.
What a noise! Little piggies!
George, look at all the tiny bubbles.
I can make bigger bubbles.
Peppa is blowing bubbles in her drink.
George wants to blow bubbles too.
Peppa, George, you really
shouldn't play with your food!
Sorry, Daddy.
Peppa, if you like bubbles,
Why don't you play with your bubble mixture?
Yes! My bubble mixture!
George, let's blow bubbles in the garden.
Peppa is showing George how to blow bubbles.
First, dip the stick in the mixture.
Then, take a big breath and blow.
Heeee... bubble!
George, now it's your turn!
Dip the stick in the mixture,
hold it up,
take big breath,
and blow!
George is trying really hard,
but he. S running out of breath!
George, you didn't blow hard enough!
I know a way George can make bubbles.
Dip the stick in the mixture,
then lift it up and wave it around.
Bubble!
It's even better if you run along.
Wait for me!
George is having fun making bubbles,
and Peppa is having fun popping.
I love bubbles!
Oh, dear! The bubble mixture is all used up.
Daddy, Mummy!
There's no more bubble mixture!
Don't worry, Peppa. I have an idea.
Mummy Pig, bring me a bucket, please!
Yes! Daddy Pig.
Peppa, bring me some soap!
Yes, Daddy Pig.
George, bring me my old tennis racket.
A bucket, some soap, a tennis racket!
What is Daddy Pig doing?
First, I need some water.
Then, the soap.
And now, the tennis racket, please!
Thank you!
Now watch this!
Woo... Wow!
Daddy Pig has made his own bubble mixture.
Come on, everyone!
Be careful! Daddy Pig! Don't slip and fall.
I'll be fine! Wow...
Are you Ok, Daddy Pig?
Yes, I'm fine!
Wow!
Daddy Pig has made the biggest bubble ever!
Oh dear! I've spilled all my bubble mixture.
Now, we can't make any more bubbles!
But we can play jumping in muddy puddles! Look!
Daddy Pig's bubble mixture
has made a big muddy puddle!
Hurray!
Peppa loves jumping up and down
in muddy puddles!
Look! The bubble mixture has made
the puddle all bubbly!
Peppa loves jumping up and down
in muddy bubbly puddles!
Everyone loves jumping up and down